chore(docs): engine-specific endpoints for public api (#130)
camunda/camunda-docs-cawemo: content/reference/rest-api/engine-diagrams/_index.md

  "created": 1576453532000,
  "id": "def751d7-eccd-4f94-952e-f62988cef786",
  "name": "My First Engine Diagram",
  "updated": 1608075932000,
  "version": 1
}
```

<table class="table table-striped">
 <tr>
   <th>Name</th>
   <th>Type</th>
   <th>Description</th>
 </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>content</td>
    <td>string</td>
    <td>The diagram's BPMN 2.0 XML definition.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>created</td>
    <td>date (UNIX Epoch time in milliseconds)</td>
    <td>Creation time of the engine diagram.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>id</td>
    <td>string</td>

>     <td>Unique identifier of the catalog project.</td>

Reviewer: Not a Catalog, not even a project, but a diagram. ⌨️ 

```suggestion
    <td>Unique identifier of the engine diagram.</td>
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>name</td>
    <td>string</td>
    <td>Name of the engine diagram.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>updated</td>
    <td>date (UNIX Epoch time in milliseconds)</td>

>     <td>Time when the catalog project was last updated.</td>

Reviewer: Not a Catalog, not even a project, but a diagram. ⌨️ 
```suggestion
    <td>Time when the engine diagram was last updated.</td>
```
